This app is committed to compliance with all applicable country-specific data privacy laws. Protecting the privacy and security of your Personal Data is of the highest importance to this app; therefore, we conduct our business by abiding by applicable laws on data privacy and data security.
Personal Data
Through our Apps, We will not collect any Personal Data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey, contest participation), provide your explicit consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your Personal Data.
Customer Support
You may provide us with information related to your use of our services  and how to contact you, so we can provide you customer support. For example, you may send us an email with information relating to our app performance or other issues.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage and Log Information. We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (such as how you use our services, how you interact with others using our services, and the like), log files, and diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports.
Device and Connection Information. We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, mobile network information, and device identifiers.
Uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.
We do not sell or otherwise market your Personal Data to third parties. In rare circumstances, including complying with legal processes, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services we require third parties to comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
This app uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Principles. If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to dispute resolution using (an independent resource mechanism) as a third party resolution provider.
Information Relating to Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are not over 13 years old (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 13 years old, please contact us here. Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 13 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Services after such date constitutes acceptance of such updates. When required by applicable law, we may inform you by additional means, such as through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make material changes to how your personal information is collected, accessed or otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your rights under this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
